' ‘ ' O O FL-192
INFORMATION SHEET ON CHANGING A CHILD SUPPORT ORDER
General Information
The court has just made a child support order in your case. This order will remain the same unless a party to the action requests that
the Support be changed (modified). An order for child Support can be modied only by ling a motion to change child Support and
serving each party involved in your case. lf both parents and the local child Support agency (if it is involved) agree on a new child
Support amount, you can complete, have all parties sign, and file with the court a St/"pu/ation to Estab/ish or Modify Chi/d Support and
Order (fonn FL-350) or Stipulation and Order (Governmental) (form FL-625).
When a Child Support Order May Be Modified
The court takes several things into account when ordering the payment of child Support. First, the number of children is considered.
Next, the net incomes of both parents are determined‚ along with the percentage of time each parent has physical custody of the
children. The court considers both parties’ tax ling Status and may consider hardships, Such as a child of another relationship. An
existing order for child Support may be modied when the net income of one ofthe parents changes signicantly, the parenting
schedule changes signicantly, or a new child is born.
Examples
o You have been ordered to pay S500 per month in child Support. You lose yourjob. You will continue to owe 5500 per month, plus
10 percent interest on any unpaid Support, unless you le a motion to modify your child Support to a lower amount and the court
orders a reduction.
- You are currently receiving S300 per month in child Support from the other parent, whose net income has just increased
substantially. You will continue to receive S300 per month unless you le a motion to modify your child Support to a higher amount
and the court orders an increase.
o You are paying child Support based upon having physical custody of your children 30 percent of the time. After several months it turns
out that you actually have physical custody of the children 50 percent of the time. You may le a motion to modify child Support to a
lower amount.
How to Change a Child Support Order
To change a child Support order, you must le paperS with the court. Remember: You must follow the order you have now.
What forms do I need?
If you are asking to change a child Support order open with the local child Support agency, you must ll out one of these forms:
- FL-680, Notice of Motion (Governmental) or FL—683 Order to Show Cause (Governmental) and
° FL-684, Request for Order and Supporting Declaration (Governmental)
Ifyou are asking to change a child Support order that is not open with the local child Support agency, you must ll out one of these
forms:
o FL-300, Request for Order or
° FL—390, Notice of Motion and Motion for Simp/ied Modication of Order for Chi/d, Spousal, or Fami/y Support
You must also ll out one of these forms:
- FL-150, Income and Expense Declaration or FL-155‚ Financia/ Statement (Simp/ied)
What ifl am not sure which forms to fill out?
Talk to the family law facilitator at your court.
After you fill out the forms, le them with the court clerk and ask for a hearing date. Write the hearing date on the form.
The clerk will ask you to pay a ling fee, If you cannot afford the fee, ll out these forms, too:
- Form FW-OO1‚ Request to Waive Court Fees
. Form FW-OO3, Order on Court Fee Waiver (Superior Court)
You must Serve the other parent. Ifthe local child Support agency is involved, Serve it too.
This means Someone 18 or over—not you—must Serve the other parent copies of your led court forms at least 16 court days before
the hearing. Add 5 calendar days if you Serve by mail within California (See Code of Civil Procedure Section 1005 for other Situations).
Court days are weekdays when the cou_rt is open for business (Monday through Friday except court holidays)„Calendar days include
all days ofthe month, including weekends and holidays. To nd court holidays, go to www.courts.cagov/holidayshtm.
The Server must also Serve blank copies of these forms:
° FL-320‚ Responsive Declaration to Request for Order and FL-150, Income and Expense Declaration, or
' FL-155‚ Financia/ Statement (SimpI/ed)
Then the Server lls out and signs a Proof of Service (form FL-33O or FL-335). Take this form to the clerk and le it.
Go to your hearing and ask the judge to change the Support. Bring your tax returns from the last two years and your last two
months‘ pay StubS. The judge will Iook at your information, listen to both parentS, and make an order. Afterthe hearing, ll out:
- FL—340, Findings and Order After Heanng and
- FL-342, Chi/d Support Information and Order Attachment
f-tuleed help?
[lfgontact the family Iaw facilitator in your county or call your county'S bar association and ask for an experienced family lawyer.
=i-...‚_"92lR°V- 43mm 1- 20151 NOTICE OF RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITES Pagemz
Health-Care Costs and Reimbursement Procedures