F48
FL-180
ATTORNEY ORF PARTY WITHOUT ATTORNEY (Name, State Bar number, and address):
FOR COURT USE ONLY
Miguel Angel Castaneda Soltero
10935 Tamarack Avenue
Pacoima, CA 91331
TELEPHONE NO.: (818) 472-0112
FAXI NO. (Optional):
E-MAIL ADDRESS (Optional):
ATTORNEY FOR (Name): Petitioner, In Pro Per
FILED
SUPERIOR COURT OF CALIFORNIA, COUNTY OF Los Angeles
Superior Court of California
County of Los
STREET ADDRESS: 9425 Penfield Avenue
Angeles
MAILING ADDRESS: same as above
NOV
CITY AND: ZIP CODE:
19
Chatsworth, 91311
2018
BRANCH NAME: Chatsworth Courthouse
Shemri R. Carter,
MARRIAGE OR PARTNERSHIP OF
ByMarul Exsçulive./pficer/Clert muuk
PETITIONER: Miguel Angel Castaneda Soltero
Mariso? Sanche7 Deput
RESPONDENT: Cecilia Jeannet Gonzales
JUDGMENT
CASE NUMBER:
DISSOLUTION
LEGAL SEPARATION
NULLITY
17CHFL00863
Status only
Reserving jurisdiction over termination of marital or domestic
partnership status
Judgment on reserved issues
Date marital or domestic partnership status ends: NOV 1 9 2018
1.
This judgment
contains personal conduct restraining orders
modifies existing restraining orders.
The restraining orders are contained on page(s) of the attachment. They expire on (date):
2. This proceeding was heard as follows:
Default or uncontested
By declaration under Family Code section 2336
Contested
Agreement in court
a. Date: NOV 1 9 2018 Dept.: DEPT F48
Room:
b. Judicial officer (name); CHELLE SHORT
Temporary, judge
C.
Petitioner preseht
Attorney present in court (name):
d.
Respondent present in court
Attorney present in court (name):
e.
Claimant present in court (name):
Attorney present in court (name):
f.
Other (specify name):
3. The court acquired jurisdiction of the respondent on (date):
09/25/2017
a.
The respondent was served with process.
b.
The respondent appeared.
THE COURT ORDERS, GOOD CAUSE APPEARING
4. a.
Judgment of dissolution is entered. Marital or domestic partnership status is terminated and the parties are restored to the
status of single persons
(1)
on (specify date): NOV 1 9 2018
(2)
on a date to be determined on noticed motion of either party or on stipulation.
b.
Judgment of legal separation is entered.
C.
Judgment of nullity is entered. The parties are declared to be single persons on the ground of (specify):
d.
This judgment will be entered nunc pro tunc as of (date):
e.
Judgment on reservedi issues.
f. The
petitioner's
respondent's former name is restored to (specify):
g.
Jurisdiction is reserved over all other issues, and all present orders remain in effect except as provided below.
h.
Thisj judgment contains provisions for child support or family support. Each party must complete and file with the court a
Child Support Case Registry Form (form FL-191) within 10 days of the date of this judgment. The parents must notify the
court of any change in the information submitted within 10 days of the change, by filing an updated form. The Notice
of Rights and Responsibilities-Health-Care Costs and Reimbursement Procedures and Information Sheet on Changing a
Child Support Order (form FL-192) is attached.
Page 10f2
Form Adopted forMandatory Use
JUDGMENT
Family Code, SS: 2024, 2340,
Judicial Council of California
2343, 2346
FL-180 [Rev.. July 1,2012]
(Family Law)
www.courts.ca.gov



FL-180
CASE NAME (Last name, first name of each party):
CASE NUMBER:
Castaneda Soltero, Miguel Angel & Gonzales, Cecilia Jeannet
17CHFL00863
4. i.
The children of this marriage or domestic partnership are:
(1)
Name
Birthdate
2017W
Jordan Alexander Castaneda
03/08/2018
Gonzales
(2)
Parentage is established for children of this relationship born prior to the marriage or domestic partnership
j. V Child custody and visitation (parenting time) are ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)
Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement which contains the information
required by Family Code section 3048(a).
(2)
Child Custody and Visitation Order Attachment (form FL-341).
(3)
Stipulation and Order for Custody and/or Visitation of Children (form FL-355).
(4)
Previously established in another case. Case number:
Court:
k. V Child support is ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)
Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement which contains the declarations
required by Family Code section 4065(a).
(2)
Child Support Information and Order Attachment (form FL-342).
(3)
Stipulation to Establish or Modify Child Support and Order (form FL-350).
(4)
Previously established in another case. Case number:
Court:
I
Spousal, domestic partner, or family support is ordered:
(1)
Reserved for future determination as relates to
petitioner
respondent
(2)
Jurisdiction terminated to order spousal or partner support to
petitioner
respondent
(3)
As set forth in the attached Spousal, Partner, or Family Support Order Attachment (form FL-343).
(4)
As set forth in the attached settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(5)
Other (specify):
m.
Property division is ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)
Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(2)
Property Order Attachment to Judgment (form FL-345).
(3)
Other (specify):
No property subject to division by the court. All separate and community property has been disbursed.
n.
Attorney fees and costs are ordered as set forth in the attached
(1)
Settlement agreement, stipulation for judgment, or other written agreement.
(2)
Attorney Fees and Costs Order (form FL-346).
(3)
Other (specify):
0.
Other (specify):
Each attachment to this judgment is incorporated into this judgment, and the parties are ordered to comply with each attachment's
provisions. Jurisdiction is reserved to make other orders necessary to carry oul this judgment.
NOV 1 9 2018
.
SHORT
Date:
MICHELLE
JUDICIAL OFFICER
5. Number of pages attached: 13
SIGNATURE FOLLOWS LAST ATTACHMENT
NOTICE
Dissolution or legal separation may automatically cancel the rights of a spouse or domestic partner under the other spouse's or
domestic partner's will, trust, retirement plan, power of attorney, pay-on-death bank account, transfer-on-death vehicle registration,
survivorship rights to any property owned in joint tenancy, and any other similar property interest. It does not automatically cancel the
rights of a spouse or domestic partner as beneficiary of the other spouse's or domestic partner's life insurance policy. You should
review these matters, as well as any credit cards, other credit accounts, insurance policies, retirement plans, and credit reports, to
determine whether they should be changed or whether you should take any other actions.
A debt or obligation may be assigned to one party as part of the dissolution of property and debts, but if that party does not pay the
debt or obligation, the creditor may be able to collect from the other party.
An earnings assignment may be issued without additional proof if child, family, partner, or spousal support is ordered.
Any party required to pay support must pay interest on overdue amounts at the "legal rate," " which is currently 10 percent.
FL-180 (Rev.. July 1,2012)
JUDGMENT
Page 20f2
(Family Law)



FL-192
NOTICE OF RIGHTS AND RESPONSIBILITIES
Health-Care Costs and Reimbursement Procedures
IF YOU HAVE A CHILD SUPPORT ORDER THAT INCLUDES A PROVISION FOR THE
REIMBURSEMENT OF A PORTION OF THE CHILD'S OR CHILDREN'S HEALTH-CARE COSTS
AND THOSE COSTS ARE NOT PAID BY INSURANCE, THE LAW SAYS:
1. Notice. You must give the other parent an itemized
7. Preferred health providers. If the court-ordered coverage
statement of the charges that have been billed for any health-
designates a preferred health-care provider, that provider
care costs not paid by insurance. You must give this
must be used at all times consistent with the terms of the
statement to the other parent within a reasonable time, but no
health insurance policy. When any party uses al health-care
more than 30 days after those costs were given to you.
provider other than the preferred provider, any health-care
costs that would have been paid by the preferred health
2. Proof of full payment. If you have already paid all of the
provider if that provider had been used must be the sole
uninsured costs, you must (1) give the other parent proof that
responsibility of the party incurring those costs.
you paid them and (2) ask for reimbursement for the other
parent's court-ordered share of those costs.
3. Proof of partial payment. If you have paid only your share
of the uninsured costs, you must (1) give the other parent
proof thaty you paid your share, (2) ask thatt the other parent
pay his or her: share of the costs directly to the health-care
provider, and (3) give the other parent the information
necessary for that parent to be able to pay the bill.
4. Payment by notified parent. If you receive notice from a
parent that an uninsured health-care cost has been incurred,
you must pay: yours share of that cost within the time the court
orders; or if the court has not specified a period of time, you
must make payment (1) within 30 days from the time your were
given notice of the amount due, (2) according to any payment
schedule setl by the health-care provider, (3) according to a
schedule agreed to in writing by you and the other parent, or
(4) according to a schedule adopted by the court.
5. Disputed charges. If you dispute a charge, you may file a
motion in court to resolve the dispute, but only if you pay that
charge before filing your motion. If you claim that the other
party has failed to reimburse you for a payment, or the other
party has failed to make a payment to the provider after proper
notice has been given, you may file a motion in court to resolve
the dispute. The court will presume thati if uninsured costs have
been paid, those costs were reasonable. The court may award
attorney fees and costs against a party who has been
unreasonable.
6. Court-ordered insurance coverage. If 